## 개인 실습
### 아마존 상품을 하나 선정한 이후에 리뷰 및 기타를 가져와서 정리해 보자.(csv, xlsx파일 등)
- github 올리고 github 코드 공유하기


```python
import os, warnings
import re
import time
warnings.filterwarnings(action='ignore')
```


```python
import pandas as pd
from selenium import webdriver
from bs4 import BeautifulSoup
```


```python
driver = webdriver.Chrome('./chromedriver_90')

## https://www.amazon.com/
url = 'https://www.amazon.com/Maybelline-New-York-Blushed-Nudes/dp/B00UKP1M2K/ref=sr_1_12?dchild=1&fst=as%3Aoff&pf_rd_i=16225006011&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_p=fd971cf1-cdbc-4301-8c91-0a56b1c1e13f&pf_rd_r=1CC3CRFN2VDXN5FWXM52&pf_rd_s=merchandised-search-4&pf_rd_t=101&qid=1624253805&rnid=16225006011&s=beauty-intl-ship&sr=1-12&th=1'
driver.get(url)
```


```python
sel_rate = driver.find_element_by_xpath('//*[@id="acrCustomerReviewText"]')
sel_rate.click()
```


```python
sel_review = driver.find_element_by_xpath('//*[@id="cr-pagination-footer-0"]/a')
sel_review.click()
```


```python
page =driver.page_source
soup = BeautifulSoup(page, 'html.parser')
soup.title
```




    <title>Amazon.com: Customer reviews: MAYBELLINE NEW YORK The Blushed Nudes Eyeshadow Makeup Palette</title>



### 여러 페이지 정보 가져오기


```python
all_users = [] #사용자
all_ratings = [] #평점
all_dates = [] #날짜
all_reviews = [] #리뷰
all_helpfuls = [] #리뷰가 도움이 된 정도

for page in range(2,7,1):
    time.sleep(3)
    
    page = driver.page_source
    soup = BeautifulSoup(page, 'html.parser')
    all_r = soup.findAll("div", class_="a-section celwidget") #리뷰 내용이 포함된  상위 태그 가져오기

    for one in all_r:
        user_one = one.find("span", class_="a-profile-name").text
        all_users.append(user_one)  #사용자 추가

        rating_one = one.find("span", class_="a-icon-alt").text
        nums = re.findall("\d+", rating_one)[0]
        all_ratings.append(nums)  #평점 추가

        #날짜 추가
        date_one = one.find("span", class_="a-size-base a-color-secondary review-date")
        texts = date_one.text.split("on")
        data = texts[1].strip()
        all_dates.append(data)

        #리뷰 추가
        review_one = one.find("div",class_="a-expander-content reviewText review-text-content a-expander-partial-collapse-content")
        tmp = one.text
        review = tmp.strip()
        all_reviews.append(review)

        #리뷰가 도움이 된 정도
        try:
            help_one = one.find("span", class_="a-size-base a-color-tertiary cr-vote-text").text
        except:
            help_one='0 people found this helpful'

        all_helpfuls.append(help_one)
        
     
    print("Users : ", all_users)
    print()
    print("Ratings : ", all_ratings)
    print()
    print("Dates : ", all_dates)
    print()
    print("Reviews : ", all_reviews)
    print()
    print("Helpfuls : ", all_helpfuls)
    
    sel_next = driver.find_element_by_xpath('//*[@id="cm_cr-pagination_bar"]/ul/li[2]/a')
    sel_next.click()
```

    Users :  ['Alicia Mont', 'akanksha bapna', 'Chris Haughaboo', 'Jamie Taylor', 'Scattered Energy', 'TH', 'Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley', 'Jamie Strough', 'KC', 'ae in vir']
    
    Ratings :  ['5', '5', '5', '1', '5', '5', '2', '5', '1', '4']
    
    Dates :  ['April 19, 2020', 'February 15, 2021', 'January 26, 2021', 'March 8, 2021', 'October 7, 2017', 'May 23, 2021', 'December 5, 2020', 'October 20, 2015', 'May 14, 2021', 'April 15, 2015']
    
    Reviews :  ['Alicia Mont5.0 out of 5 stars\nVery cute colors!\nReviewed in the United States on April 19, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  My skin tone is neutral to warm; these colors are very beautiful and complement my skin, and blend great. It is a tiny palette, so I recommend it as a starting nude palette to see if you really like these colors.Some colors have a slight shimmer to them, others are more matte. Enjoy!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'akanksha bapna5.0 out of 5 stars\nMaybelline never disappoints !!!\nReviewed in the United States on February 15, 2021Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I have used Maybelline ever since I started using makeup !!! this is amazing... Im Indian and have wheatish brown skin  with really dark eyelids, so my problem is mostly trying to get the colour to show and last... This works ... even the lighter colours show up without a primer ... Maybelline products have always lasted a long while for me... its just been a week or so for me, but I will let you know if i have any problems in the future :)\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Chris Haughaboo5.0 out of 5 stars\nSurprisingly beautiful & last all day\nReviewed in the United States on January 26, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This sincerely really shocked me. This is beautiful make-up. I have some expansive make-up & this works every bit as gd. It last all day. I didn't need to touch up. My favorite pallet. I can't say enough gd of this. I thought I'd be disappointed but I was surprised instead. I'd buy other colors for sure\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Jamie Taylor1.0 out of 5 stars\nHuge mess upon delivery\nReviewed in the United States on March 8, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Item appeared well packaged but once completely opened it was clear the item was ruined.  Over half the shadows were completely crumbled which caused the remainder shadows, as well as the inside and outside of the case to get coated in loose shadow dust.  A huge mess.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Scattered Energy5.0 out of 5 stars\nMust Have Palette\nReviewed in the United States on October 7, 2017Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I saw several YouTubers who bought this palette, review it, all positive reviews, so I got it.  The pigments are awesome.  I love the colors and they're all very easy to blend.  I don't have problems with the eyeshadow creasing, flaking or not holding its color during the day.  It didn't cause any eye or skin irritation either nor did it bother my contact lenses.  Endless color combinations to wear in all seasons and all times of day.\n\n\n2 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'TH5.0 out of 5 stars\nLove it!\nReviewed in the United States on May 23, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I watched several YouTube videos which suggested this was not as pigmented or easy to blend as a prior version.  I did not find that to be the case.I love the colors, they were easy to apply and blend and lasted through the day.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley2.0 out of 5 stars\nToo nude for me\nReviewed in the United States on December 5, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  While the colors look amazing in packaging. When trying to make it show up on my skin it took a while. And even then it didn’t stay long. The colors are not supposed to be blend in with my skin colors just supposed to be lighter/hence the nude.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Jamie Strough5.0 out of 5 stars\nVersatile and GREAT palette for travelling!!!\nReviewed in the United States on October 20, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I personally LOVE this palette!!! I have been using it for a little over a week and have been able to create various day and night time looks from it! One of my favorite things about it is that the color seems to stay fairly pigmented throughout the day without all blending together to become too dark or creasing and wearing off to become too light! I can create looks that are soft and natural but then can easily/quickly transition to dramatic looks with smokey eyes all with this palette!!! If you are travelling and want a versatile palette that is going to allow you to create looks which are similar to those from the Naked and Full Exposure palettes and you don't want to bring your expensive make up with you I HIGHLY recommend you purchase this palette!!! The applicator in the palette is nothing special so I definitely recommend having your own brushes BUT if you are in a pinch and need to use the one that comes with the palette, it gets the job done.\n\n\n3 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'KC1.0 out of 5 stars\nCompletely broken. So disappointed\nReviewed in the United States on May 14, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was really looking forward to getting this but it came completely destroyed. It actually looked like it had been used too but I imagine that was just from the shipment damage. I want another but afraid it will happen again.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "ae in vir4.0 out of 5 stars\nGood value for the price, great colors\nReviewed in the United States on April 15, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Very good product for the price.Gorgeous colors and reasonably pigmented.  I get better application using my own brushes than the wand that comes with the palette.  My only complaint and the only reason it doesn't get five stars is that it doesn't last all day.  Even using Urban Decay's primer it is very much faded at the end of my long (10-11 hrs) work day.  I like it enough that I bought a second immediately after buying the first in case they discontinued it.I also use Urban Decay's Naked2 and Naked3 and, in comparison, they are more pigmented and last longer than the Maybelline palette.My favorite look uses the four on the right - they make an absolutely perfect look to wear with cool blues, greys, and blacks.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later."]
    
    Helpfuls :  ['0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '2 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '3 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful']
    Users :  ['Alicia Mont', 'akanksha bapna', 'Chris Haughaboo', 'Jamie Taylor', 'Scattered Energy', 'TH', 'Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley', 'Jamie Strough', 'KC', 'ae in vir', 'Cheetara4', 'ljbarnes05', 'Hannah Park', 'LHL', 'Grace Hartzell', 'KLW', 'Maria A. Rojas', 'B1987', 'Casey', 'Kelli']
    
    Ratings :  ['5', '5', '5', '1', '5', '5', '2', '5', '1', '4', '4', '5', '3', '2', '1', '4', '4', '5', '5', '2']
    
    Dates :  ['April 19, 2020', 'February 15, 2021', 'January 26, 2021', 'March 8, 2021', 'October 7, 2017', 'May 23, 2021', 'December 5, 2020', 'October 20, 2015', 'May 14, 2021', 'April 15, 2015', 'December 13, 2020', 'March 8, 2021', 'March 1, 2021', 'March 19, 2021', 'August 31, 2020', 'October 10, 2017', 'April 9, 2018', 'July 3, 2017', 'October 30, 2020', 'January 2, 2021']
    
    Reviews :  ['Alicia Mont5.0 out of 5 stars\nVery cute colors!\nReviewed in the United States on April 19, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  My skin tone is neutral to warm; these colors are very beautiful and complement my skin, and blend great. It is a tiny palette, so I recommend it as a starting nude palette to see if you really like these colors.Some colors have a slight shimmer to them, others are more matte. Enjoy!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'akanksha bapna5.0 out of 5 stars\nMaybelline never disappoints !!!\nReviewed in the United States on February 15, 2021Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I have used Maybelline ever since I started using makeup !!! this is amazing... Im Indian and have wheatish brown skin  with really dark eyelids, so my problem is mostly trying to get the colour to show and last... This works ... even the lighter colours show up without a primer ... Maybelline products have always lasted a long while for me... its just been a week or so for me, but I will let you know if i have any problems in the future :)\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Chris Haughaboo5.0 out of 5 stars\nSurprisingly beautiful & last all day\nReviewed in the United States on January 26, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This sincerely really shocked me. This is beautiful make-up. I have some expansive make-up & this works every bit as gd. It last all day. I didn't need to touch up. My favorite pallet. I can't say enough gd of this. I thought I'd be disappointed but I was surprised instead. I'd buy other colors for sure\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Jamie Taylor1.0 out of 5 stars\nHuge mess upon delivery\nReviewed in the United States on March 8, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Item appeared well packaged but once completely opened it was clear the item was ruined.  Over half the shadows were completely crumbled which caused the remainder shadows, as well as the inside and outside of the case to get coated in loose shadow dust.  A huge mess.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Scattered Energy5.0 out of 5 stars\nMust Have Palette\nReviewed in the United States on October 7, 2017Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I saw several YouTubers who bought this palette, review it, all positive reviews, so I got it.  The pigments are awesome.  I love the colors and they're all very easy to blend.  I don't have problems with the eyeshadow creasing, flaking or not holding its color during the day.  It didn't cause any eye or skin irritation either nor did it bother my contact lenses.  Endless color combinations to wear in all seasons and all times of day.\n\n\n2 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'TH5.0 out of 5 stars\nLove it!\nReviewed in the United States on May 23, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I watched several YouTube videos which suggested this was not as pigmented or easy to blend as a prior version.  I did not find that to be the case.I love the colors, they were easy to apply and blend and lasted through the day.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley2.0 out of 5 stars\nToo nude for me\nReviewed in the United States on December 5, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  While the colors look amazing in packaging. When trying to make it show up on my skin it took a while. And even then it didn’t stay long. The colors are not supposed to be blend in with my skin colors just supposed to be lighter/hence the nude.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Jamie Strough5.0 out of 5 stars\nVersatile and GREAT palette for travelling!!!\nReviewed in the United States on October 20, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I personally LOVE this palette!!! I have been using it for a little over a week and have been able to create various day and night time looks from it! One of my favorite things about it is that the color seems to stay fairly pigmented throughout the day without all blending together to become too dark or creasing and wearing off to become too light! I can create looks that are soft and natural but then can easily/quickly transition to dramatic looks with smokey eyes all with this palette!!! If you are travelling and want a versatile palette that is going to allow you to create looks which are similar to those from the Naked and Full Exposure palettes and you don't want to bring your expensive make up with you I HIGHLY recommend you purchase this palette!!! The applicator in the palette is nothing special so I definitely recommend having your own brushes BUT if you are in a pinch and need to use the one that comes with the palette, it gets the job done.\n\n\n3 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'KC1.0 out of 5 stars\nCompletely broken. So disappointed\nReviewed in the United States on May 14, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was really looking forward to getting this but it came completely destroyed. It actually looked like it had been used too but I imagine that was just from the shipment damage. I want another but afraid it will happen again.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "ae in vir4.0 out of 5 stars\nGood value for the price, great colors\nReviewed in the United States on April 15, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Very good product for the price.Gorgeous colors and reasonably pigmented.  I get better application using my own brushes than the wand that comes with the palette.  My only complaint and the only reason it doesn't get five stars is that it doesn't last all day.  Even using Urban Decay's primer it is very much faded at the end of my long (10-11 hrs) work day.  I like it enough that I bought a second immediately after buying the first in case they discontinued it.I also use Urban Decay's Naked2 and Naked3 and, in comparison, they are more pigmented and last longer than the Maybelline palette.My favorite look uses the four on the right - they make an absolutely perfect look to wear with cool blues, greys, and blacks.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Cheetara44.0 out of 5 stars\nDefinitely a shade or two darker than it looks online\nReviewed in the United States on December 13, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I thought these were going to be a bit lighter. I bought it for my nice who is new to using makeup and thought this would be a good beginners pallet to start with. We’ll  see how she likes it. But not bad for $10.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n4.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Definitely a shade or two darker than it looks online\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Cheetara4 on December 13, 2020\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            I thought these were going to be a bit lighter. I bought it for my nice who is new to using makeup and thought this would be a good beginners pallet to start with. We’ll  see how she likes it. But not bad for $10.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'ljbarnes055.0 out of 5 stars\nMy go to eye shaddow\nReviewed in the United States on March 8, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Brown eyes and brown hair with some highlights.  This is my go to eye shadow kit.  Everyone always asks me what I use.  Maybe I was born with it....maybe its Maybelline ;)Love how it gives department store results at a really reasonable price! And the colors are great!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Hannah Park3.0 out of 5 stars\nVery Nice But Whoever Handled It Wasn't Careful\nReviewed in the United States on March 1, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The product came as expected and I like the color palate since it blends in well with my skin color. But I had to fix two colors myself in order to use it. Whoever had a hold of this wasn't very careful and it makes me think this wasn't secured during transport. I only got this to get the free delivery along with another product I bought but come on...at least try to handle things with care.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'LHL2.0 out of 5 stars\nDisappointed\nReviewed in the United States on March 19, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was looking for a new eyeshadow palette that would have great neutrals. The reviews caught my eye so I purchased it. However, these eyeshadows have hardly any pigment to them. Whether I use a brush, foam applicator, or even eyeshadow primer, they barely show up.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Grace Hartzell1.0 out of 5 stars\nCheap\nReviewed in the United States on August 31, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Crappy product, you literally get what you pay for. The colors are impossible to get to stay on your eyes and the palette just falls apart. Very crummy and cheap. It's unfortunate since the colors were exactly what I wanted but I'd rather spend more money and get a better longer lasting product\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'KLW4.0 out of 5 stars\nThis is a good palette for a great price\nReviewed in the United States on October 10, 2017Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This is a good palette for a great price. I’m not super into eyeshadow and for my look, it’s definitely not worth it to buy expensive palettes at Sephora and Ulta. This palette is great; it’s got a great range of colors that are very versatile. I don’t invest in eyeshadow primer either, however I use liquid concealer as a primer and it works just as well. The colors are definitely more pigmented with primer so I’d suggest buying one or using liquid concealer/foundation (I don’t think they would show up as well or stay on for that long without it). I saw many people had packaging/damage issues but my product came wrapped in a ton of bubble wrap and was fine, so I assume amazon has now fixed that issue.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Maria A. Rojas4.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat product for anyone that doesn’t care about name brands\nReviewed in the United States on April 9, 2018Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I bought it since I wanted a compact eyeshadow pallet for traveling and did not want to spend a lot of money on a new one. I’m not a make up expert and I don’t care about the brand as long as the product works.The shades in this pallet are great, however the pigmentation is not very strong. Make sure to prime your eyelids with a nice primer and it will last all day without creasing.  All in all is not a bad pallet if you’re looking for a soft look and wear it with a decent primer.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'B19875.0 out of 5 stars\nThe is a great palette. The colors are not as pigmented as ...\nReviewed in the United States on July 3, 2017Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The is a great palette. The colors are not as pigmented as the Urban Decay Naked palette, but this is a good, cheap alternative. I love the gold and brown tones. I prefer to use the shimmery shadows because I think they show up better on my skin. They seem to be easier to build on compared to the more matte shades. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to save money or is just learning how to do makeup. With the right primer, the color will last all day.\n\n\n2 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Casey5.0 out of 5 stars\nThat everyday nude look\nReviewed in the United States on October 30, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Perfect for everyday nude look! Applies easily and stays on for a long time! I buy extra applicator brushes so I don’t mix colors. Buy this if you need everyday eyeshadow that goes with everything!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Kelli2.0 out of 5 stars\nDoesn't last long\nReviewed in the United States on January 2, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The colors look beautiful in the package, unfortunately you have to apply a lot of the lighter shades to get the pigment to show. The darker colors are pretty.  The color doesn't last long.  After about two hours I needed to reapply.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n2.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Doesn't last long\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Kelli on January 2, 2021\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            The colors look beautiful in the package, unfortunately you have to apply a lot of the lighter shades to get the pigment to show. The darker colors are pretty.  The color doesn't last long.  After about two hours I needed to reapply.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later."]
    
    Helpfuls :  ['0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '2 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '3 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '2 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful']
    Users :  ['Alicia Mont', 'akanksha bapna', 'Chris Haughaboo', 'Jamie Taylor', 'Scattered Energy', 'TH', 'Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley', 'Jamie Strough', 'KC', 'ae in vir', 'Cheetara4', 'ljbarnes05', 'Hannah Park', 'LHL', 'Grace Hartzell', 'KLW', 'Maria A. Rojas', 'B1987', 'Casey', 'Kelli', 'oktravelchick', 'Tea', 'M. Carney', 'Tracy S.', 'Scattered Energy', 'christine primm', 'Rosemaryc5', 'erin zwolinski', 'Mina', 'JH']
    
    Ratings :  ['5', '5', '5', '1', '5', '5', '2', '5', '1', '4', '4', '5', '3', '2', '1', '4', '4', '5', '5', '2', '5', '5', '2', '5', '5', '5', '3', '4', '4', '3']
    
    Dates :  ['April 19, 2020', 'February 15, 2021', 'January 26, 2021', 'March 8, 2021', 'October 7, 2017', 'May 23, 2021', 'December 5, 2020', 'October 20, 2015', 'May 14, 2021', 'April 15, 2015', 'December 13, 2020', 'March 8, 2021', 'March 1, 2021', 'March 19, 2021', 'August 31, 2020', 'October 10, 2017', 'April 9, 2018', 'July 3, 2017', 'October 30, 2020', 'January 2, 2021', 'September 26, 2016', 'October 26, 2015', 'February 24, 2019', 'January 9, 2021', 'March 14, 2018', 'August 13, 2020', 'April 9, 2020', 'April 17, 2021', 'July 22, 2019', 'June 11, 2021']
    
    Reviews :  ['Alicia Mont5.0 out of 5 stars\nVery cute colors!\nReviewed in the United States on April 19, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  My skin tone is neutral to warm; these colors are very beautiful and complement my skin, and blend great. It is a tiny palette, so I recommend it as a starting nude palette to see if you really like these colors.Some colors have a slight shimmer to them, others are more matte. Enjoy!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'akanksha bapna5.0 out of 5 stars\nMaybelline never disappoints !!!\nReviewed in the United States on February 15, 2021Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I have used Maybelline ever since I started using makeup !!! this is amazing... Im Indian and have wheatish brown skin  with really dark eyelids, so my problem is mostly trying to get the colour to show and last... This works ... even the lighter colours show up without a primer ... Maybelline products have always lasted a long while for me... its just been a week or so for me, but I will let you know if i have any problems in the future :)\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Chris Haughaboo5.0 out of 5 stars\nSurprisingly beautiful & last all day\nReviewed in the United States on January 26, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This sincerely really shocked me. This is beautiful make-up. I have some expansive make-up & this works every bit as gd. It last all day. I didn't need to touch up. My favorite pallet. I can't say enough gd of this. I thought I'd be disappointed but I was surprised instead. I'd buy other colors for sure\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Jamie Taylor1.0 out of 5 stars\nHuge mess upon delivery\nReviewed in the United States on March 8, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Item appeared well packaged but once completely opened it was clear the item was ruined.  Over half the shadows were completely crumbled which caused the remainder shadows, as well as the inside and outside of the case to get coated in loose shadow dust.  A huge mess.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Scattered Energy5.0 out of 5 stars\nMust Have Palette\nReviewed in the United States on October 7, 2017Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I saw several YouTubers who bought this palette, review it, all positive reviews, so I got it.  The pigments are awesome.  I love the colors and they're all very easy to blend.  I don't have problems with the eyeshadow creasing, flaking or not holding its color during the day.  It didn't cause any eye or skin irritation either nor did it bother my contact lenses.  Endless color combinations to wear in all seasons and all times of day.\n\n\n2 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'TH5.0 out of 5 stars\nLove it!\nReviewed in the United States on May 23, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I watched several YouTube videos which suggested this was not as pigmented or easy to blend as a prior version.  I did not find that to be the case.I love the colors, they were easy to apply and blend and lasted through the day.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley2.0 out of 5 stars\nToo nude for me\nReviewed in the United States on December 5, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  While the colors look amazing in packaging. When trying to make it show up on my skin it took a while. And even then it didn’t stay long. The colors are not supposed to be blend in with my skin colors just supposed to be lighter/hence the nude.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Jamie Strough5.0 out of 5 stars\nVersatile and GREAT palette for travelling!!!\nReviewed in the United States on October 20, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I personally LOVE this palette!!! I have been using it for a little over a week and have been able to create various day and night time looks from it! One of my favorite things about it is that the color seems to stay fairly pigmented throughout the day without all blending together to become too dark or creasing and wearing off to become too light! I can create looks that are soft and natural but then can easily/quickly transition to dramatic looks with smokey eyes all with this palette!!! If you are travelling and want a versatile palette that is going to allow you to create looks which are similar to those from the Naked and Full Exposure palettes and you don't want to bring your expensive make up with you I HIGHLY recommend you purchase this palette!!! The applicator in the palette is nothing special so I definitely recommend having your own brushes BUT if you are in a pinch and need to use the one that comes with the palette, it gets the job done.\n\n\n3 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'KC1.0 out of 5 stars\nCompletely broken. So disappointed\nReviewed in the United States on May 14, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was really looking forward to getting this but it came completely destroyed. It actually looked like it had been used too but I imagine that was just from the shipment damage. I want another but afraid it will happen again.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "ae in vir4.0 out of 5 stars\nGood value for the price, great colors\nReviewed in the United States on April 15, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Very good product for the price.Gorgeous colors and reasonably pigmented.  I get better application using my own brushes than the wand that comes with the palette.  My only complaint and the only reason it doesn't get five stars is that it doesn't last all day.  Even using Urban Decay's primer it is very much faded at the end of my long (10-11 hrs) work day.  I like it enough that I bought a second immediately after buying the first in case they discontinued it.I also use Urban Decay's Naked2 and Naked3 and, in comparison, they are more pigmented and last longer than the Maybelline palette.My favorite look uses the four on the right - they make an absolutely perfect look to wear with cool blues, greys, and blacks.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Cheetara44.0 out of 5 stars\nDefinitely a shade or two darker than it looks online\nReviewed in the United States on December 13, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I thought these were going to be a bit lighter. I bought it for my nice who is new to using makeup and thought this would be a good beginners pallet to start with. We’ll  see how she likes it. But not bad for $10.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n4.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Definitely a shade or two darker than it looks online\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Cheetara4 on December 13, 2020\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            I thought these were going to be a bit lighter. I bought it for my nice who is new to using makeup and thought this would be a good beginners pallet to start with. We’ll  see how she likes it. But not bad for $10.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'ljbarnes055.0 out of 5 stars\nMy go to eye shaddow\nReviewed in the United States on March 8, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Brown eyes and brown hair with some highlights.  This is my go to eye shadow kit.  Everyone always asks me what I use.  Maybe I was born with it....maybe its Maybelline ;)Love how it gives department store results at a really reasonable price! And the colors are great!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Hannah Park3.0 out of 5 stars\nVery Nice But Whoever Handled It Wasn't Careful\nReviewed in the United States on March 1, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The product came as expected and I like the color palate since it blends in well with my skin color. But I had to fix two colors myself in order to use it. Whoever had a hold of this wasn't very careful and it makes me think this wasn't secured during transport. I only got this to get the free delivery along with another product I bought but come on...at least try to handle things with care.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'LHL2.0 out of 5 stars\nDisappointed\nReviewed in the United States on March 19, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was looking for a new eyeshadow palette that would have great neutrals. The reviews caught my eye so I purchased it. However, these eyeshadows have hardly any pigment to them. Whether I use a brush, foam applicator, or even eyeshadow primer, they barely show up.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Grace Hartzell1.0 out of 5 stars\nCheap\nReviewed in the United States on August 31, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Crappy product, you literally get what you pay for. The colors are impossible to get to stay on your eyes and the palette just falls apart. Very crummy and cheap. It's unfortunate since the colors were exactly what I wanted but I'd rather spend more money and get a better longer lasting product\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'KLW4.0 out of 5 stars\nThis is a good palette for a great price\nReviewed in the United States on October 10, 2017Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This is a good palette for a great price. I’m not super into eyeshadow and for my look, it’s definitely not worth it to buy expensive palettes at Sephora and Ulta. This palette is great; it’s got a great range of colors that are very versatile. I don’t invest in eyeshadow primer either, however I use liquid concealer as a primer and it works just as well. The colors are definitely more pigmented with primer so I’d suggest buying one or using liquid concealer/foundation (I don’t think they would show up as well or stay on for that long without it). I saw many people had packaging/damage issues but my product came wrapped in a ton of bubble wrap and was fine, so I assume amazon has now fixed that issue.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Maria A. Rojas4.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat product for anyone that doesn’t care about name brands\nReviewed in the United States on April 9, 2018Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I bought it since I wanted a compact eyeshadow pallet for traveling and did not want to spend a lot of money on a new one. I’m not a make up expert and I don’t care about the brand as long as the product works.The shades in this pallet are great, however the pigmentation is not very strong. Make sure to prime your eyelids with a nice primer and it will last all day without creasing.  All in all is not a bad pallet if you’re looking for a soft look and wear it with a decent primer.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'B19875.0 out of 5 stars\nThe is a great palette. The colors are not as pigmented as ...\nReviewed in the United States on July 3, 2017Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The is a great palette. The colors are not as pigmented as the Urban Decay Naked palette, but this is a good, cheap alternative. I love the gold and brown tones. I prefer to use the shimmery shadows because I think they show up better on my skin. They seem to be easier to build on compared to the more matte shades. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to save money or is just learning how to do makeup. With the right primer, the color will last all day.\n\n\n2 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Casey5.0 out of 5 stars\nThat everyday nude look\nReviewed in the United States on October 30, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Perfect for everyday nude look! Applies easily and stays on for a long time! I buy extra applicator brushes so I don’t mix colors. Buy this if you need everyday eyeshadow that goes with everything!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Kelli2.0 out of 5 stars\nDoesn't last long\nReviewed in the United States on January 2, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The colors look beautiful in the package, unfortunately you have to apply a lot of the lighter shades to get the pigment to show. The darker colors are pretty.  The color doesn't last long.  After about two hours I needed to reapply.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n2.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Doesn't last long\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Kelli on January 2, 2021\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            The colors look beautiful in the package, unfortunately you have to apply a lot of the lighter shades to get the pigment to show. The darker colors are pretty.  The color doesn't last long.  After about two hours I needed to reapply.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "oktravelchick5.0 out of 5 stars\nBeautiful\nReviewed in the United States on September 26, 2016Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Strange to pick out a makeup on the internet, but this time it worked out! Beautiful colors, my favorite being the beautiful pink color (second row, 5th one). It has some glitter in it, making it rich and somewhat sparkly.My only complaint is the open storage compartment for the 2 applicators. It kept knocking out the second one onto the floor so often that I just put it away. That being my only complaint, it's all good after that!Does wear kind of quickly compared to some of my other brands, but not a big deal for me.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Tea5.0 out of 5 stars\nStaple makeup item\nReviewed in the United States on October 26, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Great little palette! Maybelline's The Nudes really is a staple in any makeup collection, with it's wide array of shades and limitless combinations. The colors are nicely pigmented and apply smoothly, my personal favorite is the gold one in the second row. The guide in the back is especially helpful, as it gives ideas for looks to wear. These shadows last all day atop ELF's eyelid primer, and I've been complimented on them numerous times since I've worn them out. With its variety and combinations, this is a must have and inexpensive neutral palette suitable for anyone!\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'M. Carney2.0 out of 5 stars\nMeh\nReviewed in the United States on February 24, 2019Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The colors look pretty at first but it takes several layers of this eyeshadow for any pigment to show up on me, and I have a very light skin color. You get what you pay for though. Go for something that costs a little more.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Tracy S.5.0 out of 5 stars\nLove the colors\nReviewed in the United States on January 9, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Very pretty colors, decent saturation. They're very subtle on light skin tone but great for daily wear. I haven't tried building or layering to get deeper coloring but you probably can.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Scattered Energy5.0 out of 5 stars\nAnother Beautiful Palette from Maybelline\nReviewed in the United States on March 14, 2018Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I LOVE, LOVE all these Maybelline NUDES palettes!  This one is gorgeous.  Wonderful well pigmented, neutral colors that I think look good with all eye colors.  They wear well too.  I think I only have two palettes more to have them all.  They're getting harder to find though.  I hope Maybelline doesn't stop making them.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'christine primm5.0 out of 5 stars\nBeautiful 😍 palette!!\nReviewed in the United States on August 13, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This palette is absolutely beautiful. The colors are pretty and feminine. They go on very well and stay on for a good long while. Its versatile and youve got alot of options especially for a soft and sweet look..This is a great palette to add to your collection. Give this a try!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Rosemaryc53.0 out of 5 stars\nPretty but not very pigmneted\nReviewed in the United States on April 9, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I love maybelline but they didnt exactly hit the mark with this set. I feel like i am struggling to get the color on my eyes. Its really not very pigmented. They have better eye sets. Not sure what happened with this one\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'erin zwolinski4.0 out of 5 stars\nDecent for the price\nReviewed in the United States on April 17, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  For the price it is good eyeshadow. Not super pigmented but with a good eye primer (I use e.l.f.) it lasts most of the day. Good for a subtle nude look which is what I usually go for.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Mina4.0 out of 5 stars\nRegular Palette\nReviewed in the United States on July 22, 2019Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I ordered this palette and was disappointed that it got damaged during shipping. I like the colors and since only one color got damaged I am not going to return it.  It does, however, feel a little cheap. I will see how I like it after I use it for a couple of times, because I do not wear make up every day.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n4.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Regular Palette\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Mina on July 22, 2019\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            I ordered this palette and was disappointed that it got damaged during shipping. I like the colors and since only one color got damaged I am not going to return it.  It does, however, feel a little cheap. I will see how I like it after I use it for a couple of times, because I do not wear make up every day.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "JH3.0 out of 5 stars\nYou get what you pay for I guess.\nReviewed in the United States on June 11, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I bought this because it's not a common color scheme in drugstore makeup but don't bother.  It's just a waste of space.  Even if you prime with white primer it's invisible.  Shimmer shadows aren't shimmery and disappears in hours. Don't bother.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later."]
    
    Helpfuls :  ['0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '2 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '3 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '2 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful']
    Users :  ['Alicia Mont', 'akanksha bapna', 'Chris Haughaboo', 'Jamie Taylor', 'Scattered Energy', 'TH', 'Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley', 'Jamie Strough', 'KC', 'ae in vir', 'Cheetara4', 'ljbarnes05', 'Hannah Park', 'LHL', 'Grace Hartzell', 'KLW', 'Maria A. Rojas', 'B1987', 'Casey', 'Kelli', 'oktravelchick', 'Tea', 'M. Carney', 'Tracy S.', 'Scattered Energy', 'christine primm', 'Rosemaryc5', 'erin zwolinski', 'Mina', 'JH', 'Jillie0808', 'NikkiMarie', 'Dawn Davis', 'Brooke Gray', 'Bkelley', 'jaslanglois', 'Sara', 'Taco Talk', 'Reviews 4 U', 'SoccerHoopsMom']
    
    Ratings :  ['5', '5', '5', '1', '5', '5', '2', '5', '1', '4', '4', '5', '3', '2', '1', '4', '4', '5', '5', '2', '5', '5', '2', '5', '5', '5', '3', '4', '4', '3', '3', '2', '5', '5', '2', '5', '5', '5', '5', '5']
    
    Dates :  ['April 19, 2020', 'February 15, 2021', 'January 26, 2021', 'March 8, 2021', 'October 7, 2017', 'May 23, 2021', 'December 5, 2020', 'October 20, 2015', 'May 14, 2021', 'April 15, 2015', 'December 13, 2020', 'March 8, 2021', 'March 1, 2021', 'March 19, 2021', 'August 31, 2020', 'October 10, 2017', 'April 9, 2018', 'July 3, 2017', 'October 30, 2020', 'January 2, 2021', 'September 26, 2016', 'October 26, 2015', 'February 24, 2019', 'January 9, 2021', 'March 14, 2018', 'August 13, 2020', 'April 9, 2020', 'April 17, 2021', 'July 22, 2019', 'June 11, 2021', 'August 27, 2015', 'June 8, 2019', 'August 8, 2020', 'December 25, 2020', 'August 6, 2020', 'May 23, 2020', 'August 25, 2015', 'July 11, 2020', 'June 22, 2015', 'January 3, 2021']
    
    Reviews :  ['Alicia Mont5.0 out of 5 stars\nVery cute colors!\nReviewed in the United States on April 19, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  My skin tone is neutral to warm; these colors are very beautiful and complement my skin, and blend great. It is a tiny palette, so I recommend it as a starting nude palette to see if you really like these colors.Some colors have a slight shimmer to them, others are more matte. Enjoy!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'akanksha bapna5.0 out of 5 stars\nMaybelline never disappoints !!!\nReviewed in the United States on February 15, 2021Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I have used Maybelline ever since I started using makeup !!! this is amazing... Im Indian and have wheatish brown skin  with really dark eyelids, so my problem is mostly trying to get the colour to show and last... This works ... even the lighter colours show up without a primer ... Maybelline products have always lasted a long while for me... its just been a week or so for me, but I will let you know if i have any problems in the future :)\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Chris Haughaboo5.0 out of 5 stars\nSurprisingly beautiful & last all day\nReviewed in the United States on January 26, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This sincerely really shocked me. This is beautiful make-up. I have some expansive make-up & this works every bit as gd. It last all day. I didn't need to touch up. My favorite pallet. I can't say enough gd of this. I thought I'd be disappointed but I was surprised instead. I'd buy other colors for sure\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Jamie Taylor1.0 out of 5 stars\nHuge mess upon delivery\nReviewed in the United States on March 8, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Item appeared well packaged but once completely opened it was clear the item was ruined.  Over half the shadows were completely crumbled which caused the remainder shadows, as well as the inside and outside of the case to get coated in loose shadow dust.  A huge mess.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Scattered Energy5.0 out of 5 stars\nMust Have Palette\nReviewed in the United States on October 7, 2017Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I saw several YouTubers who bought this palette, review it, all positive reviews, so I got it.  The pigments are awesome.  I love the colors and they're all very easy to blend.  I don't have problems with the eyeshadow creasing, flaking or not holding its color during the day.  It didn't cause any eye or skin irritation either nor did it bother my contact lenses.  Endless color combinations to wear in all seasons and all times of day.\n\n\n2 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'TH5.0 out of 5 stars\nLove it!\nReviewed in the United States on May 23, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I watched several YouTube videos which suggested this was not as pigmented or easy to blend as a prior version.  I did not find that to be the case.I love the colors, they were easy to apply and blend and lasted through the day.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley2.0 out of 5 stars\nToo nude for me\nReviewed in the United States on December 5, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  While the colors look amazing in packaging. When trying to make it show up on my skin it took a while. And even then it didn’t stay long. The colors are not supposed to be blend in with my skin colors just supposed to be lighter/hence the nude.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Jamie Strough5.0 out of 5 stars\nVersatile and GREAT palette for travelling!!!\nReviewed in the United States on October 20, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I personally LOVE this palette!!! I have been using it for a little over a week and have been able to create various day and night time looks from it! One of my favorite things about it is that the color seems to stay fairly pigmented throughout the day without all blending together to become too dark or creasing and wearing off to become too light! I can create looks that are soft and natural but then can easily/quickly transition to dramatic looks with smokey eyes all with this palette!!! If you are travelling and want a versatile palette that is going to allow you to create looks which are similar to those from the Naked and Full Exposure palettes and you don't want to bring your expensive make up with you I HIGHLY recommend you purchase this palette!!! The applicator in the palette is nothing special so I definitely recommend having your own brushes BUT if you are in a pinch and need to use the one that comes with the palette, it gets the job done.\n\n\n3 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'KC1.0 out of 5 stars\nCompletely broken. So disappointed\nReviewed in the United States on May 14, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was really looking forward to getting this but it came completely destroyed. It actually looked like it had been used too but I imagine that was just from the shipment damage. I want another but afraid it will happen again.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "ae in vir4.0 out of 5 stars\nGood value for the price, great colors\nReviewed in the United States on April 15, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Very good product for the price.Gorgeous colors and reasonably pigmented.  I get better application using my own brushes than the wand that comes with the palette.  My only complaint and the only reason it doesn't get five stars is that it doesn't last all day.  Even using Urban Decay's primer it is very much faded at the end of my long (10-11 hrs) work day.  I like it enough that I bought a second immediately after buying the first in case they discontinued it.I also use Urban Decay's Naked2 and Naked3 and, in comparison, they are more pigmented and last longer than the Maybelline palette.My favorite look uses the four on the right - they make an absolutely perfect look to wear with cool blues, greys, and blacks.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Cheetara44.0 out of 5 stars\nDefinitely a shade or two darker than it looks online\nReviewed in the United States on December 13, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I thought these were going to be a bit lighter. I bought it for my nice who is new to using makeup and thought this would be a good beginners pallet to start with. We’ll  see how she likes it. But not bad for $10.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n4.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Definitely a shade or two darker than it looks online\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Cheetara4 on December 13, 2020\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            I thought these were going to be a bit lighter. I bought it for my nice who is new to using makeup and thought this would be a good beginners pallet to start with. We’ll  see how she likes it. But not bad for $10.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'ljbarnes055.0 out of 5 stars\nMy go to eye shaddow\nReviewed in the United States on March 8, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Brown eyes and brown hair with some highlights.  This is my go to eye shadow kit.  Everyone always asks me what I use.  Maybe I was born with it....maybe its Maybelline ;)Love how it gives department store results at a really reasonable price! And the colors are great!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Hannah Park3.0 out of 5 stars\nVery Nice But Whoever Handled It Wasn't Careful\nReviewed in the United States on March 1, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The product came as expected and I like the color palate since it blends in well with my skin color. But I had to fix two colors myself in order to use it. Whoever had a hold of this wasn't very careful and it makes me think this wasn't secured during transport. I only got this to get the free delivery along with another product I bought but come on...at least try to handle things with care.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'LHL2.0 out of 5 stars\nDisappointed\nReviewed in the United States on March 19, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was looking for a new eyeshadow palette that would have great neutrals. The reviews caught my eye so I purchased it. However, these eyeshadows have hardly any pigment to them. Whether I use a brush, foam applicator, or even eyeshadow primer, they barely show up.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Grace Hartzell1.0 out of 5 stars\nCheap\nReviewed in the United States on August 31, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Crappy product, you literally get what you pay for. The colors are impossible to get to stay on your eyes and the palette just falls apart. Very crummy and cheap. It's unfortunate since the colors were exactly what I wanted but I'd rather spend more money and get a better longer lasting product\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'KLW4.0 out of 5 stars\nThis is a good palette for a great price\nReviewed in the United States on October 10, 2017Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This is a good palette for a great price. I’m not super into eyeshadow and for my look, it’s definitely not worth it to buy expensive palettes at Sephora and Ulta. This palette is great; it’s got a great range of colors that are very versatile. I don’t invest in eyeshadow primer either, however I use liquid concealer as a primer and it works just as well. The colors are definitely more pigmented with primer so I’d suggest buying one or using liquid concealer/foundation (I don’t think they would show up as well or stay on for that long without it). I saw many people had packaging/damage issues but my product came wrapped in a ton of bubble wrap and was fine, so I assume amazon has now fixed that issue.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Maria A. Rojas4.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat product for anyone that doesn’t care about name brands\nReviewed in the United States on April 9, 2018Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I bought it since I wanted a compact eyeshadow pallet for traveling and did not want to spend a lot of money on a new one. I’m not a make up expert and I don’t care about the brand as long as the product works.The shades in this pallet are great, however the pigmentation is not very strong. Make sure to prime your eyelids with a nice primer and it will last all day without creasing.  All in all is not a bad pallet if you’re looking for a soft look and wear it with a decent primer.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'B19875.0 out of 5 stars\nThe is a great palette. The colors are not as pigmented as ...\nReviewed in the United States on July 3, 2017Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The is a great palette. The colors are not as pigmented as the Urban Decay Naked palette, but this is a good, cheap alternative. I love the gold and brown tones. I prefer to use the shimmery shadows because I think they show up better on my skin. They seem to be easier to build on compared to the more matte shades. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to save money or is just learning how to do makeup. With the right primer, the color will last all day.\n\n\n2 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Casey5.0 out of 5 stars\nThat everyday nude look\nReviewed in the United States on October 30, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Perfect for everyday nude look! Applies easily and stays on for a long time! I buy extra applicator brushes so I don’t mix colors. Buy this if you need everyday eyeshadow that goes with everything!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Kelli2.0 out of 5 stars\nDoesn't last long\nReviewed in the United States on January 2, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The colors look beautiful in the package, unfortunately you have to apply a lot of the lighter shades to get the pigment to show. The darker colors are pretty.  The color doesn't last long.  After about two hours I needed to reapply.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n2.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Doesn't last long\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Kelli on January 2, 2021\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            The colors look beautiful in the package, unfortunately you have to apply a lot of the lighter shades to get the pigment to show. The darker colors are pretty.  The color doesn't last long.  After about two hours I needed to reapply.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "oktravelchick5.0 out of 5 stars\nBeautiful\nReviewed in the United States on September 26, 2016Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Strange to pick out a makeup on the internet, but this time it worked out! Beautiful colors, my favorite being the beautiful pink color (second row, 5th one). It has some glitter in it, making it rich and somewhat sparkly.My only complaint is the open storage compartment for the 2 applicators. It kept knocking out the second one onto the floor so often that I just put it away. That being my only complaint, it's all good after that!Does wear kind of quickly compared to some of my other brands, but not a big deal for me.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Tea5.0 out of 5 stars\nStaple makeup item\nReviewed in the United States on October 26, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Great little palette! Maybelline's The Nudes really is a staple in any makeup collection, with it's wide array of shades and limitless combinations. The colors are nicely pigmented and apply smoothly, my personal favorite is the gold one in the second row. The guide in the back is especially helpful, as it gives ideas for looks to wear. These shadows last all day atop ELF's eyelid primer, and I've been complimented on them numerous times since I've worn them out. With its variety and combinations, this is a must have and inexpensive neutral palette suitable for anyone!\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'M. Carney2.0 out of 5 stars\nMeh\nReviewed in the United States on February 24, 2019Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The colors look pretty at first but it takes several layers of this eyeshadow for any pigment to show up on me, and I have a very light skin color. You get what you pay for though. Go for something that costs a little more.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Tracy S.5.0 out of 5 stars\nLove the colors\nReviewed in the United States on January 9, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Very pretty colors, decent saturation. They're very subtle on light skin tone but great for daily wear. I haven't tried building or layering to get deeper coloring but you probably can.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Scattered Energy5.0 out of 5 stars\nAnother Beautiful Palette from Maybelline\nReviewed in the United States on March 14, 2018Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I LOVE, LOVE all these Maybelline NUDES palettes!  This one is gorgeous.  Wonderful well pigmented, neutral colors that I think look good with all eye colors.  They wear well too.  I think I only have two palettes more to have them all.  They're getting harder to find though.  I hope Maybelline doesn't stop making them.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'christine primm5.0 out of 5 stars\nBeautiful 😍 palette!!\nReviewed in the United States on August 13, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This palette is absolutely beautiful. The colors are pretty and feminine. They go on very well and stay on for a good long while. Its versatile and youve got alot of options especially for a soft and sweet look..This is a great palette to add to your collection. Give this a try!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Rosemaryc53.0 out of 5 stars\nPretty but not very pigmneted\nReviewed in the United States on April 9, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I love maybelline but they didnt exactly hit the mark with this set. I feel like i am struggling to get the color on my eyes. Its really not very pigmented. They have better eye sets. Not sure what happened with this one\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'erin zwolinski4.0 out of 5 stars\nDecent for the price\nReviewed in the United States on April 17, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  For the price it is good eyeshadow. Not super pigmented but with a good eye primer (I use e.l.f.) it lasts most of the day. Good for a subtle nude look which is what I usually go for.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Mina4.0 out of 5 stars\nRegular Palette\nReviewed in the United States on July 22, 2019Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I ordered this palette and was disappointed that it got damaged during shipping. I like the colors and since only one color got damaged I am not going to return it.  It does, however, feel a little cheap. I will see how I like it after I use it for a couple of times, because I do not wear make up every day.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n4.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Regular Palette\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Mina on July 22, 2019\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            I ordered this palette and was disappointed that it got damaged during shipping. I like the colors and since only one color got damaged I am not going to return it.  It does, however, feel a little cheap. I will see how I like it after I use it for a couple of times, because I do not wear make up every day.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "JH3.0 out of 5 stars\nYou get what you pay for I guess.\nReviewed in the United States on June 11, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I bought this because it's not a common color scheme in drugstore makeup but don't bother.  It's just a waste of space.  Even if you prime with white primer it's invisible.  Shimmer shadows aren't shimmery and disappears in hours. Don't bother.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Jillie08083.0 out of 5 stars\njust ok\nReviewed in the United States on August 27, 2015Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  best to use a eye primer.  I use Urban Decay original formula eye primer.  When used with this, the colors will last all day.  A lot of the colors are shimmery, only one or two could be called matte or satin.  I didn't realize that when I bought it, or I probably wouldn't have.  I use it but probably won't repurchase.  I do like that maybelline is trying to market a palette.  I get frustrated with the quads.  You usually have a least one color you don't use thus making your purchase more costly.  With a palette you do have more options.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'NikkiMarie2.0 out of 5 stars\nGarbage!!\nReviewed in the United States on June 8, 2019Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  My daughter had a Soap & Glory pallet that I loved! It’s no longer avail. I saw this and it seemed so similar. Boy was I wrong! The consistency of the shadow is terrible!!! No pigment at all and doesn’t last. Doesn’t seem like Maybelline make up at all, was more like dollar store crap! Save your money!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Dawn Davis5.0 out of 5 stars\nAll colors look the same when applied\nReviewed in the United States on August 8, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Item came with one color square broken up.After using these colors a few times I’ve noticed they almost all look like the same color.  Had I known I wouldn’t have bought it.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Brooke Gray5.0 out of 5 stars\nPrice is good and good for travel\nReviewed in the United States on December 25, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Good for travel and small suitcase travel, colors are neutral enough to get small shade of eyeshadow and that works for me. Would say price is good for what I received.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Bkelley2.0 out of 5 stars\nIt’s everywhere!\nReviewed in the United States on August 6, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The eye shadow is all over the package. Was wrapped in bubble wrap but put into a way too big of a box. No doubt it got shook up too much. It’s got broken pieces in the shadows.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n2.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                It’s everywhere!\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Bkelley on August 6, 2020\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            The eye shadow is all over the package. Was wrapped in bubble wrap but put into a way too big of a box. No doubt it got shook up too much. It’s got broken pieces in the shadows.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "jaslanglois5.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat pallet\nReviewed in the United States on May 23, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  there's not a lot of follow-up at all it blends well I'm not an expert at doing my makeup I'm kind of getting into it more and more I will say that it's a really easy to use product it's colors are beautiful there's a ton of different ways to wear it\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Sara5.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat palette\nReviewed in the United States on August 25, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This palette is great if you want a Naked palette but don't want to (or can't afford to) spend the money. It is more towards the low end scale for makeup so you can't expect it to be perfect, but the colors are pigmented and go on great, blend easily. You may have to build it up a bit to get the color as shown in the palette but I don't mind it. Helps to use a primer before hand, if you can use a white one even better. Has a nice range of colors, though, and I like how it's set up to be used as duo, trio, and quads. Very good for beginners! Love this palette for everyday looks\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Taco Talk5.0 out of 5 stars\nSheer shiny lovely\nReviewed in the United States on July 11, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I absolutely love this product and was so surprised that it came so quickly with such a fair price. The colors are so nice and shiny in a play and very smooth I recommend using a primer.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n5.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Sheer shiny lovely\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Taco Talk on July 11, 2020\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            I absolutely love this product and was so surprised that it came so quickly with such a fair price. The colors are so nice and shiny in a play and very smooth I recommend using a primer.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Reviews 4 UTop Contributor: Makeup5.0 out of 5 stars\nFantastic pallet!\nReviewed in the United States on June 22, 2015Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I'm thoroughly impressed with this pallet! All and I mean all the colors are beautiful! I'd say their medium to high pigmentation depending on shade and some of the liter shades are more sheer, but provide a soft wash of shimmering color. Only one shade is Matte. Colors are pinks, maybes, rose gold/coppery to deeper plums and a light and medium gray. The price can't be beat. I typically use high end cosmetics, UD, BAREMINERALS, TOO FACED. This pallet competes VERY WELL. I think I'll order a backup.\n\n\n3 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'SoccerHoopsMom5.0 out of 5 stars\nMy favorite color palette\nReviewed in the United States on January 3, 2021Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Colors are very pigmented and easy to blend. My favorite neutral color palette. Timeless. Been using it for years and hope it never gets discontinued.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.']
    
    Helpfuls :  ['0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '2 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '3 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '2 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '3 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful']
    Users :  ['Alicia Mont', 'akanksha bapna', 'Chris Haughaboo', 'Jamie Taylor', 'Scattered Energy', 'TH', 'Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley', 'Jamie Strough', 'KC', 'ae in vir', 'Cheetara4', 'ljbarnes05', 'Hannah Park', 'LHL', 'Grace Hartzell', 'KLW', 'Maria A. Rojas', 'B1987', 'Casey', 'Kelli', 'oktravelchick', 'Tea', 'M. Carney', 'Tracy S.', 'Scattered Energy', 'christine primm', 'Rosemaryc5', 'erin zwolinski', 'Mina', 'JH', 'Jillie0808', 'NikkiMarie', 'Dawn Davis', 'Brooke Gray', 'Bkelley', 'jaslanglois', 'Sara', 'Taco Talk', 'Reviews 4 U', 'SoccerHoopsMom', 'Tina ', 'Peggy K. Dapitan', 'Mrs McC', 'Sharon Hampton', 'Richard A. Jenkinson', 'Sue', 'LA Camp', 'Kathy Gortney', 'Nelson', 'VWilliamsTX']
    
    Ratings :  ['5', '5', '5', '1', '5', '5', '2', '5', '1', '4', '4', '5', '3', '2', '1', '4', '4', '5', '5', '2', '5', '5', '2', '5', '5', '5', '3', '4', '4', '3', '3', '2', '5', '5', '2', '5', '5', '5', '5', '5', '5', '5', '3', '5', '3', '5', '5', '5', '1', '5']
    
    Dates :  ['April 19, 2020', 'February 15, 2021', 'January 26, 2021', 'March 8, 2021', 'October 7, 2017', 'May 23, 2021', 'December 5, 2020', 'October 20, 2015', 'May 14, 2021', 'April 15, 2015', 'December 13, 2020', 'March 8, 2021', 'March 1, 2021', 'March 19, 2021', 'August 31, 2020', 'October 10, 2017', 'April 9, 2018', 'July 3, 2017', 'October 30, 2020', 'January 2, 2021', 'September 26, 2016', 'October 26, 2015', 'February 24, 2019', 'January 9, 2021', 'March 14, 2018', 'August 13, 2020', 'April 9, 2020', 'April 17, 2021', 'July 22, 2019', 'June 11, 2021', 'August 27, 2015', 'June 8, 2019', 'August 8, 2020', 'December 25, 2020', 'August 6, 2020', 'May 23, 2020', 'August 25, 2015', 'July 11, 2020', 'June 22, 2015', 'January 3, 2021', 'June 14, 2019', 'February 25, 2018', 'March 29, 2018', 'July 31, 2020', 'July 13, 2018', 'December 28, 2020', 'July 17, 2015', 'December 27, 2017', 'December 9, 2020', 'November 19, 2019']
    
    Reviews :  ['Alicia Mont5.0 out of 5 stars\nVery cute colors!\nReviewed in the United States on April 19, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  My skin tone is neutral to warm; these colors are very beautiful and complement my skin, and blend great. It is a tiny palette, so I recommend it as a starting nude palette to see if you really like these colors.Some colors have a slight shimmer to them, others are more matte. Enjoy!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'akanksha bapna5.0 out of 5 stars\nMaybelline never disappoints !!!\nReviewed in the United States on February 15, 2021Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I have used Maybelline ever since I started using makeup !!! this is amazing... Im Indian and have wheatish brown skin  with really dark eyelids, so my problem is mostly trying to get the colour to show and last... This works ... even the lighter colours show up without a primer ... Maybelline products have always lasted a long while for me... its just been a week or so for me, but I will let you know if i have any problems in the future :)\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Chris Haughaboo5.0 out of 5 stars\nSurprisingly beautiful & last all day\nReviewed in the United States on January 26, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This sincerely really shocked me. This is beautiful make-up. I have some expansive make-up & this works every bit as gd. It last all day. I didn't need to touch up. My favorite pallet. I can't say enough gd of this. I thought I'd be disappointed but I was surprised instead. I'd buy other colors for sure\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Jamie Taylor1.0 out of 5 stars\nHuge mess upon delivery\nReviewed in the United States on March 8, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Item appeared well packaged but once completely opened it was clear the item was ruined.  Over half the shadows were completely crumbled which caused the remainder shadows, as well as the inside and outside of the case to get coated in loose shadow dust.  A huge mess.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Scattered Energy5.0 out of 5 stars\nMust Have Palette\nReviewed in the United States on October 7, 2017Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I saw several YouTubers who bought this palette, review it, all positive reviews, so I got it.  The pigments are awesome.  I love the colors and they're all very easy to blend.  I don't have problems with the eyeshadow creasing, flaking or not holding its color during the day.  It didn't cause any eye or skin irritation either nor did it bother my contact lenses.  Endless color combinations to wear in all seasons and all times of day.\n\n\n2 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'TH5.0 out of 5 stars\nLove it!\nReviewed in the United States on May 23, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I watched several YouTube videos which suggested this was not as pigmented or easy to blend as a prior version.  I did not find that to be the case.I love the colors, they were easy to apply and blend and lasted through the day.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley2.0 out of 5 stars\nToo nude for me\nReviewed in the United States on December 5, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  While the colors look amazing in packaging. When trying to make it show up on my skin it took a while. And even then it didn’t stay long. The colors are not supposed to be blend in with my skin colors just supposed to be lighter/hence the nude.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Jamie Strough5.0 out of 5 stars\nVersatile and GREAT palette for travelling!!!\nReviewed in the United States on October 20, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I personally LOVE this palette!!! I have been using it for a little over a week and have been able to create various day and night time looks from it! One of my favorite things about it is that the color seems to stay fairly pigmented throughout the day without all blending together to become too dark or creasing and wearing off to become too light! I can create looks that are soft and natural but then can easily/quickly transition to dramatic looks with smokey eyes all with this palette!!! If you are travelling and want a versatile palette that is going to allow you to create looks which are similar to those from the Naked and Full Exposure palettes and you don't want to bring your expensive make up with you I HIGHLY recommend you purchase this palette!!! The applicator in the palette is nothing special so I definitely recommend having your own brushes BUT if you are in a pinch and need to use the one that comes with the palette, it gets the job done.\n\n\n3 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'KC1.0 out of 5 stars\nCompletely broken. So disappointed\nReviewed in the United States on May 14, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was really looking forward to getting this but it came completely destroyed. It actually looked like it had been used too but I imagine that was just from the shipment damage. I want another but afraid it will happen again.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "ae in vir4.0 out of 5 stars\nGood value for the price, great colors\nReviewed in the United States on April 15, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Very good product for the price.Gorgeous colors and reasonably pigmented.  I get better application using my own brushes than the wand that comes with the palette.  My only complaint and the only reason it doesn't get five stars is that it doesn't last all day.  Even using Urban Decay's primer it is very much faded at the end of my long (10-11 hrs) work day.  I like it enough that I bought a second immediately after buying the first in case they discontinued it.I also use Urban Decay's Naked2 and Naked3 and, in comparison, they are more pigmented and last longer than the Maybelline palette.My favorite look uses the four on the right - they make an absolutely perfect look to wear with cool blues, greys, and blacks.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Cheetara44.0 out of 5 stars\nDefinitely a shade or two darker than it looks online\nReviewed in the United States on December 13, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I thought these were going to be a bit lighter. I bought it for my nice who is new to using makeup and thought this would be a good beginners pallet to start with. We’ll  see how she likes it. But not bad for $10.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n4.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Definitely a shade or two darker than it looks online\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Cheetara4 on December 13, 2020\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            I thought these were going to be a bit lighter. I bought it for my nice who is new to using makeup and thought this would be a good beginners pallet to start with. We’ll  see how she likes it. But not bad for $10.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'ljbarnes055.0 out of 5 stars\nMy go to eye shaddow\nReviewed in the United States on March 8, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Brown eyes and brown hair with some highlights.  This is my go to eye shadow kit.  Everyone always asks me what I use.  Maybe I was born with it....maybe its Maybelline ;)Love how it gives department store results at a really reasonable price! And the colors are great!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Hannah Park3.0 out of 5 stars\nVery Nice But Whoever Handled It Wasn't Careful\nReviewed in the United States on March 1, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The product came as expected and I like the color palate since it blends in well with my skin color. But I had to fix two colors myself in order to use it. Whoever had a hold of this wasn't very careful and it makes me think this wasn't secured during transport. I only got this to get the free delivery along with another product I bought but come on...at least try to handle things with care.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'LHL2.0 out of 5 stars\nDisappointed\nReviewed in the United States on March 19, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was looking for a new eyeshadow palette that would have great neutrals. The reviews caught my eye so I purchased it. However, these eyeshadows have hardly any pigment to them. Whether I use a brush, foam applicator, or even eyeshadow primer, they barely show up.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Grace Hartzell1.0 out of 5 stars\nCheap\nReviewed in the United States on August 31, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Crappy product, you literally get what you pay for. The colors are impossible to get to stay on your eyes and the palette just falls apart. Very crummy and cheap. It's unfortunate since the colors were exactly what I wanted but I'd rather spend more money and get a better longer lasting product\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'KLW4.0 out of 5 stars\nThis is a good palette for a great price\nReviewed in the United States on October 10, 2017Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This is a good palette for a great price. I’m not super into eyeshadow and for my look, it’s definitely not worth it to buy expensive palettes at Sephora and Ulta. This palette is great; it’s got a great range of colors that are very versatile. I don’t invest in eyeshadow primer either, however I use liquid concealer as a primer and it works just as well. The colors are definitely more pigmented with primer so I’d suggest buying one or using liquid concealer/foundation (I don’t think they would show up as well or stay on for that long without it). I saw many people had packaging/damage issues but my product came wrapped in a ton of bubble wrap and was fine, so I assume amazon has now fixed that issue.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Maria A. Rojas4.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat product for anyone that doesn’t care about name brands\nReviewed in the United States on April 9, 2018Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I bought it since I wanted a compact eyeshadow pallet for traveling and did not want to spend a lot of money on a new one. I’m not a make up expert and I don’t care about the brand as long as the product works.The shades in this pallet are great, however the pigmentation is not very strong. Make sure to prime your eyelids with a nice primer and it will last all day without creasing.  All in all is not a bad pallet if you’re looking for a soft look and wear it with a decent primer.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'B19875.0 out of 5 stars\nThe is a great palette. The colors are not as pigmented as ...\nReviewed in the United States on July 3, 2017Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The is a great palette. The colors are not as pigmented as the Urban Decay Naked palette, but this is a good, cheap alternative. I love the gold and brown tones. I prefer to use the shimmery shadows because I think they show up better on my skin. They seem to be easier to build on compared to the more matte shades. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to save money or is just learning how to do makeup. With the right primer, the color will last all day.\n\n\n2 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Casey5.0 out of 5 stars\nThat everyday nude look\nReviewed in the United States on October 30, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Perfect for everyday nude look! Applies easily and stays on for a long time! I buy extra applicator brushes so I don’t mix colors. Buy this if you need everyday eyeshadow that goes with everything!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Kelli2.0 out of 5 stars\nDoesn't last long\nReviewed in the United States on January 2, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The colors look beautiful in the package, unfortunately you have to apply a lot of the lighter shades to get the pigment to show. The darker colors are pretty.  The color doesn't last long.  After about two hours I needed to reapply.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n2.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Doesn't last long\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Kelli on January 2, 2021\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            The colors look beautiful in the package, unfortunately you have to apply a lot of the lighter shades to get the pigment to show. The darker colors are pretty.  The color doesn't last long.  After about two hours I needed to reapply.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "oktravelchick5.0 out of 5 stars\nBeautiful\nReviewed in the United States on September 26, 2016Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Strange to pick out a makeup on the internet, but this time it worked out! Beautiful colors, my favorite being the beautiful pink color (second row, 5th one). It has some glitter in it, making it rich and somewhat sparkly.My only complaint is the open storage compartment for the 2 applicators. It kept knocking out the second one onto the floor so often that I just put it away. That being my only complaint, it's all good after that!Does wear kind of quickly compared to some of my other brands, but not a big deal for me.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Tea5.0 out of 5 stars\nStaple makeup item\nReviewed in the United States on October 26, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Great little palette! Maybelline's The Nudes really is a staple in any makeup collection, with it's wide array of shades and limitless combinations. The colors are nicely pigmented and apply smoothly, my personal favorite is the gold one in the second row. The guide in the back is especially helpful, as it gives ideas for looks to wear. These shadows last all day atop ELF's eyelid primer, and I've been complimented on them numerous times since I've worn them out. With its variety and combinations, this is a must have and inexpensive neutral palette suitable for anyone!\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'M. Carney2.0 out of 5 stars\nMeh\nReviewed in the United States on February 24, 2019Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The colors look pretty at first but it takes several layers of this eyeshadow for any pigment to show up on me, and I have a very light skin color. You get what you pay for though. Go for something that costs a little more.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Tracy S.5.0 out of 5 stars\nLove the colors\nReviewed in the United States on January 9, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Very pretty colors, decent saturation. They're very subtle on light skin tone but great for daily wear. I haven't tried building or layering to get deeper coloring but you probably can.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Scattered Energy5.0 out of 5 stars\nAnother Beautiful Palette from Maybelline\nReviewed in the United States on March 14, 2018Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I LOVE, LOVE all these Maybelline NUDES palettes!  This one is gorgeous.  Wonderful well pigmented, neutral colors that I think look good with all eye colors.  They wear well too.  I think I only have two palettes more to have them all.  They're getting harder to find though.  I hope Maybelline doesn't stop making them.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'christine primm5.0 out of 5 stars\nBeautiful 😍 palette!!\nReviewed in the United States on August 13, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This palette is absolutely beautiful. The colors are pretty and feminine. They go on very well and stay on for a good long while. Its versatile and youve got alot of options especially for a soft and sweet look..This is a great palette to add to your collection. Give this a try!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Rosemaryc53.0 out of 5 stars\nPretty but not very pigmneted\nReviewed in the United States on April 9, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I love maybelline but they didnt exactly hit the mark with this set. I feel like i am struggling to get the color on my eyes. Its really not very pigmented. They have better eye sets. Not sure what happened with this one\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'erin zwolinski4.0 out of 5 stars\nDecent for the price\nReviewed in the United States on April 17, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  For the price it is good eyeshadow. Not super pigmented but with a good eye primer (I use e.l.f.) it lasts most of the day. Good for a subtle nude look which is what I usually go for.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Mina4.0 out of 5 stars\nRegular Palette\nReviewed in the United States on July 22, 2019Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I ordered this palette and was disappointed that it got damaged during shipping. I like the colors and since only one color got damaged I am not going to return it.  It does, however, feel a little cheap. I will see how I like it after I use it for a couple of times, because I do not wear make up every day.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n4.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Regular Palette\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Mina on July 22, 2019\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            I ordered this palette and was disappointed that it got damaged during shipping. I like the colors and since only one color got damaged I am not going to return it.  It does, however, feel a little cheap. I will see how I like it after I use it for a couple of times, because I do not wear make up every day.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "JH3.0 out of 5 stars\nYou get what you pay for I guess.\nReviewed in the United States on June 11, 2021Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I bought this because it's not a common color scheme in drugstore makeup but don't bother.  It's just a waste of space.  Even if you prime with white primer it's invisible.  Shimmer shadows aren't shimmery and disappears in hours. Don't bother.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Jillie08083.0 out of 5 stars\njust ok\nReviewed in the United States on August 27, 2015Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  best to use a eye primer.  I use Urban Decay original formula eye primer.  When used with this, the colors will last all day.  A lot of the colors are shimmery, only one or two could be called matte or satin.  I didn't realize that when I bought it, or I probably wouldn't have.  I use it but probably won't repurchase.  I do like that maybelline is trying to market a palette.  I get frustrated with the quads.  You usually have a least one color you don't use thus making your purchase more costly.  With a palette you do have more options.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'NikkiMarie2.0 out of 5 stars\nGarbage!!\nReviewed in the United States on June 8, 2019Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  My daughter had a Soap & Glory pallet that I loved! It’s no longer avail. I saw this and it seemed so similar. Boy was I wrong! The consistency of the shadow is terrible!!! No pigment at all and doesn’t last. Doesn’t seem like Maybelline make up at all, was more like dollar store crap! Save your money!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Dawn Davis5.0 out of 5 stars\nAll colors look the same when applied\nReviewed in the United States on August 8, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Item came with one color square broken up.After using these colors a few times I’ve noticed they almost all look like the same color.  Had I known I wouldn’t have bought it.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Brooke Gray5.0 out of 5 stars\nPrice is good and good for travel\nReviewed in the United States on December 25, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Good for travel and small suitcase travel, colors are neutral enough to get small shade of eyeshadow and that works for me. Would say price is good for what I received.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Bkelley2.0 out of 5 stars\nIt’s everywhere!\nReviewed in the United States on August 6, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  The eye shadow is all over the package. Was wrapped in bubble wrap but put into a way too big of a box. No doubt it got shook up too much. It’s got broken pieces in the shadows.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n2.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                It’s everywhere!\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Bkelley on August 6, 2020\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            The eye shadow is all over the package. Was wrapped in bubble wrap but put into a way too big of a box. No doubt it got shook up too much. It’s got broken pieces in the shadows.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "jaslanglois5.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat pallet\nReviewed in the United States on May 23, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  there's not a lot of follow-up at all it blends well I'm not an expert at doing my makeup I'm kind of getting into it more and more I will say that it's a really easy to use product it's colors are beautiful there's a ton of different ways to wear it\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Sara5.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat palette\nReviewed in the United States on August 25, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This palette is great if you want a Naked palette but don't want to (or can't afford to) spend the money. It is more towards the low end scale for makeup so you can't expect it to be perfect, but the colors are pigmented and go on great, blend easily. You may have to build it up a bit to get the color as shown in the palette but I don't mind it. Helps to use a primer before hand, if you can use a white one even better. Has a nice range of colors, though, and I like how it's set up to be used as duo, trio, and quads. Very good for beginners! Love this palette for everyday looks\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Taco Talk5.0 out of 5 stars\nSheer shiny lovely\nReviewed in the United States on July 11, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I absolutely love this product and was so surprised that it came so quickly with such a fair price. The colors are so nice and shiny in a play and very smooth I recommend using a primer.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n5.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Sheer shiny lovely\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Taco Talk on July 11, 2020\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            I absolutely love this product and was so surprised that it came so quickly with such a fair price. The colors are so nice and shiny in a play and very smooth I recommend using a primer.\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Reviews 4 UTop Contributor: Makeup5.0 out of 5 stars\nFantastic pallet!\nReviewed in the United States on June 22, 2015Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I'm thoroughly impressed with this pallet! All and I mean all the colors are beautiful! I'd say their medium to high pigmentation depending on shade and some of the liter shades are more sheer, but provide a soft wash of shimmering color. Only one shade is Matte. Colors are pinks, maybes, rose gold/coppery to deeper plums and a light and medium gray. The price can't be beat. I typically use high end cosmetics, UD, BAREMINERALS, TOO FACED. This pallet competes VERY WELL. I think I'll order a backup.\n\n\n3 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'SoccerHoopsMom5.0 out of 5 stars\nMy favorite color palette\nReviewed in the United States on January 3, 2021Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Colors are very pigmented and easy to blend. My favorite neutral color palette. Timeless. Been using it for years and hope it never gets discontinued.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Tina 5.0 out of 5 stars\nJust be aware that it only comes in one eye applicator\nReviewed in the United States on June 14, 2019Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I like it a lot only problem is it actually only comes with one eye applicator not 2 like it shows on display photos.. it should comes with 2 due to a lot of colors options..\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n5.0 out of 5 stars\n\n                Just be aware that it only comes in one eye applicator\n            \n\n\n            \n              \n                  By Tina  on June 14, 2019\n              \n              \n            \n\n\n            \n\n\n            I like it a lot only problem is it actually only comes with one eye applicator not 2 like it shows on display photos.. it should comes with 2 due to a lot of colors options..\n        \n\n\n                Images in this review\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Peggy K. Dapitan5.0 out of 5 stars\nThe colors are very pretty as shown and it is fun mixing them to ...\nReviewed in the United States on February 25, 2018Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I purchased the Maybelline New York "Blushed Nudes" eyeshadow collection. The colors are very pretty as shown and it is fun mixing them to make another color. They do go on smoothly and last all day. I would buy this product again.\n\n\n2 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', "Mrs McC3.0 out of 5 stars\nToo loose and pale\nReviewed in the United States on March 29, 2018Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  These are great colors and a good combination of frosty and matte, but the product is too powdery and loose when trying to put it on. Not the usual consistency when applying other dry eye shadows I own. It wasn't enough to impress and I can't recommend them. Sad that this is Maybelline.\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Sharon Hampton5.0 out of 5 stars\nGREAT VALUE\nReviewed in the United States on July 31, 2020Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Wow! I didn't realize there were so many items in this set.  They are of good quality.  I just wish the number and use for each was printed on the individual brushes.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Richard A. Jenkinson3.0 out of 5 stars\none of the compacts was busted\nReviewed in the United States on July 13, 2018Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was kind of disappointed about it arriving with one of the compacts broken, but it's not a big deal, I just broke up the pieces and shoved it together, wet it, and smoothed it out. Once it dried, it was good as new. I know this might have been the fault of shipping, so I can't complain. They didn't exactly know that it was makeup. Anyway, the pallette is beautiful and the colors are extremely pigmented. Aside from the broken compact, which was a little messy inside the container, I have no complaints.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "Sue5.0 out of 5 stars\nPerfect set of colors!\nReviewed in the United States on December 28, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Great price for the deal I got on it. Normally with these multi colored sets I only use a few of the colors but this one in sure I'll use almost all of them.\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", "LA Camp5.0 out of 5 stars\nCheaper than Walmart's price, so just get from Amazon.\nReviewed in the United States on July 17, 2015Color: 02 THE NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Hmm... I could pay a high price at Walmart for this, orrrr I could just order it for a lot cheaper on here, and have it delivered.  I was smart and chose the latter.  We all know this is an awesome alternative to the NAKED palette.  The colors are rich, blendable, and stay put through the day There's a lot of options for a neutral look or smokey eyes.  Lots of different color combos to try.  BUT MOSTLY buy it on Amazon, because it's cheaper.\n\n\n4 people found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.", 'Kathy Gortney5.0 out of 5 stars\nBEAUTIFUL Palette!\nReviewed in the United States on December 27, 2017Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  Beautiful colors and I love that the back tells you how you can use them together! I love it! The colors are beautiful and very elegant and nice they go on very very nicely and super easy! I love them I also bought the 24k Nides and I love them too they can all be mixed and matched! I threw away all my other shadows because these are all I will ever need! I love them they are gorgeous!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'Nelson1.0 out of 5 stars\nOH YOU FOOLED ME!\nReviewed in the United States on December 9, 2020Color: 06 THE BLUSHED NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  This product is beyond small. What a major let down on the product. I would never ever pay for this if I knew the product size. I feel robbed!\n\n\n\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.', 'VWilliamsTX5.0 out of 5 stars\nVersatile\nReviewed in the United States on November 19, 2019Color: 120 THE 24K NUDESVerified Purchase\n\n  I was looking for a versatile shadow palette. This totally fits the bill. It has plums, grays, and browns. Perfect!\n\n\nOne person found this helpful\n\n          Helpful\n\n\nReport abuse\n\nShowing 0 comments\nThere was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.']
    
    Helpfuls :  ['0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '2 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '3 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '2 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '3 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '2 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '4 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', '0 people found this helpful', 'One person found this helpful']
    

### 데이터 정리하기


```python
total_reviews = {'날짜':all_dates, '사용자 이름':all_users, '리뷰':all_reviews,
                '평점':all_ratings, '도움':all_helpfuls }

total_reviews = pd.DataFrame(total_reviews)
total_reviews
```




<div>
<style scoped>
    .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
        vertical-align: middle;
    }

    .dataframe tbody tr th {
        vertical-align: top;
    }

    .dataframe thead th {
        text-align: right;
    }
</style>
<table border="1" class="dataframe">
  <thead>
    <tr style="text-align: right;">
      <th></th>
      <th>날짜</th>
      <th>사용자 이름</th>
      <th>리뷰</th>
      <th>평점</th>
      <th>도움</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>0</th>
      <td>April 19, 2020</td>
      <td>Alicia Mont</td>
      <td>Alicia Mont5.0 out of 5 stars\nVery cute color...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>1</th>
      <td>February 15, 2021</td>
      <td>akanksha bapna</td>
      <td>akanksha bapna5.0 out of 5 stars\nMaybelline n...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>2</th>
      <td>January 26, 2021</td>
      <td>Chris Haughaboo</td>
      <td>Chris Haughaboo5.0 out of 5 stars\nSurprisingl...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>3</th>
      <td>March 8, 2021</td>
      <td>Jamie Taylor</td>
      <td>Jamie Taylor1.0 out of 5 stars\nHuge mess upon...</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>4</th>
      <td>October 7, 2017</td>
      <td>Scattered Energy</td>
      <td>Scattered Energy5.0 out of 5 stars\nMust Have ...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>2 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>5</th>
      <td>May 23, 2021</td>
      <td>TH</td>
      <td>TH5.0 out of 5 stars\nLove it!\nReviewed in th...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>6</th>
      <td>December 5, 2020</td>
      <td>Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley</td>
      <td>Tereesa Jacquelynn Kelley2.0 out of 5 stars\nT...</td>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>7</th>
      <td>October 20, 2015</td>
      <td>Jamie Strough</td>
      <td>Jamie Strough5.0 out of 5 stars\nVersatile and...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>3 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>8</th>
      <td>May 14, 2021</td>
      <td>KC</td>
      <td>KC1.0 out of 5 stars\nCompletely broken. So di...</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>9</th>
      <td>April 15, 2015</td>
      <td>ae in vir</td>
      <td>ae in vir4.0 out of 5 stars\nGood value for th...</td>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>10</th>
      <td>December 13, 2020</td>
      <td>Cheetara4</td>
      <td>Cheetara44.0 out of 5 stars\nDefinitely a shad...</td>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>11</th>
      <td>March 8, 2021</td>
      <td>ljbarnes05</td>
      <td>ljbarnes055.0 out of 5 stars\nMy go to eye sha...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>12</th>
      <td>March 1, 2021</td>
      <td>Hannah Park</td>
      <td>Hannah Park3.0 out of 5 stars\nVery Nice But W...</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>13</th>
      <td>March 19, 2021</td>
      <td>LHL</td>
      <td>LHL2.0 out of 5 stars\nDisappointed\nReviewed ...</td>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>14</th>
      <td>August 31, 2020</td>
      <td>Grace Hartzell</td>
      <td>Grace Hartzell1.0 out of 5 stars\nCheap\nRevie...</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>15</th>
      <td>October 10, 2017</td>
      <td>KLW</td>
      <td>KLW4.0 out of 5 stars\nThis is a good palette ...</td>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>16</th>
      <td>April 9, 2018</td>
      <td>Maria A. Rojas</td>
      <td>Maria A. Rojas4.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat produc...</td>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>17</th>
      <td>July 3, 2017</td>
      <td>B1987</td>
      <td>B19875.0 out of 5 stars\nThe is a great palett...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>2 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>18</th>
      <td>October 30, 2020</td>
      <td>Casey</td>
      <td>Casey5.0 out of 5 stars\nThat everyday nude lo...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>19</th>
      <td>January 2, 2021</td>
      <td>Kelli</td>
      <td>Kelli2.0 out of 5 stars\nDoesn't last long\nRe...</td>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>20</th>
      <td>September 26, 2016</td>
      <td>oktravelchick</td>
      <td>oktravelchick5.0 out of 5 stars\nBeautiful\nRe...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>21</th>
      <td>October 26, 2015</td>
      <td>Tea</td>
      <td>Tea5.0 out of 5 stars\nStaple makeup item\nRev...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>22</th>
      <td>February 24, 2019</td>
      <td>M. Carney</td>
      <td>M. Carney2.0 out of 5 stars\nMeh\nReviewed in ...</td>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>23</th>
      <td>January 9, 2021</td>
      <td>Tracy S.</td>
      <td>Tracy S.5.0 out of 5 stars\nLove the colors\nR...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>24</th>
      <td>March 14, 2018</td>
      <td>Scattered Energy</td>
      <td>Scattered Energy5.0 out of 5 stars\nAnother Be...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>25</th>
      <td>August 13, 2020</td>
      <td>christine primm</td>
      <td>christine primm5.0 out of 5 stars\nBeautiful 😍...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>26</th>
      <td>April 9, 2020</td>
      <td>Rosemaryc5</td>
      <td>Rosemaryc53.0 out of 5 stars\nPretty but not v...</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>27</th>
      <td>April 17, 2021</td>
      <td>erin zwolinski</td>
      <td>erin zwolinski4.0 out of 5 stars\nDecent for t...</td>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>28</th>
      <td>July 22, 2019</td>
      <td>Mina</td>
      <td>Mina4.0 out of 5 stars\nRegular Palette\nRevie...</td>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>29</th>
      <td>June 11, 2021</td>
      <td>JH</td>
      <td>JH3.0 out of 5 stars\nYou get what you pay for...</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>30</th>
      <td>August 27, 2015</td>
      <td>Jillie0808</td>
      <td>Jillie08083.0 out of 5 stars\njust ok\nReviewe...</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>31</th>
      <td>June 8, 2019</td>
      <td>NikkiMarie</td>
      <td>NikkiMarie2.0 out of 5 stars\nGarbage!!\nRevie...</td>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>32</th>
      <td>August 8, 2020</td>
      <td>Dawn Davis</td>
      <td>Dawn Davis5.0 out of 5 stars\nAll colors look ...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>33</th>
      <td>December 25, 2020</td>
      <td>Brooke Gray</td>
      <td>Brooke Gray5.0 out of 5 stars\nPrice is good a...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>34</th>
      <td>August 6, 2020</td>
      <td>Bkelley</td>
      <td>Bkelley2.0 out of 5 stars\nIt’s everywhere!\nR...</td>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>35</th>
      <td>May 23, 2020</td>
      <td>jaslanglois</td>
      <td>jaslanglois5.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat pallet\nR...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>36</th>
      <td>August 25, 2015</td>
      <td>Sara</td>
      <td>Sara5.0 out of 5 stars\nGreat palette\nReviewe...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>37</th>
      <td>July 11, 2020</td>
      <td>Taco Talk</td>
      <td>Taco Talk5.0 out of 5 stars\nSheer shiny lovel...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>38</th>
      <td>June 22, 2015</td>
      <td>Reviews 4 U</td>
      <td>Reviews 4 UTop Contributor: Makeup5.0 out of 5...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>3 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>39</th>
      <td>January 3, 2021</td>
      <td>SoccerHoopsMom</td>
      <td>SoccerHoopsMom5.0 out of 5 stars\nMy favorite ...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>40</th>
      <td>June 14, 2019</td>
      <td>Tina</td>
      <td>Tina 5.0 out of 5 stars\nJust be aware that it...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>41</th>
      <td>February 25, 2018</td>
      <td>Peggy K. Dapitan</td>
      <td>Peggy K. Dapitan5.0 out of 5 stars\nThe colors...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>2 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>42</th>
      <td>March 29, 2018</td>
      <td>Mrs McC</td>
      <td>Mrs McC3.0 out of 5 stars\nToo loose and pale\...</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>43</th>
      <td>July 31, 2020</td>
      <td>Sharon Hampton</td>
      <td>Sharon Hampton5.0 out of 5 stars\nGREAT VALUE\...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>44</th>
      <td>July 13, 2018</td>
      <td>Richard A. Jenkinson</td>
      <td>Richard A. Jenkinson3.0 out of 5 stars\none of...</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>45</th>
      <td>December 28, 2020</td>
      <td>Sue</td>
      <td>Sue5.0 out of 5 stars\nPerfect set of colors!\...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>46</th>
      <td>July 17, 2015</td>
      <td>LA Camp</td>
      <td>LA Camp5.0 out of 5 stars\nCheaper than Walmar...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>4 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>47</th>
      <td>December 27, 2017</td>
      <td>Kathy Gortney</td>
      <td>Kathy Gortney5.0 out of 5 stars\nBEAUTIFUL Pal...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>48</th>
      <td>December 9, 2020</td>
      <td>Nelson</td>
      <td>Nelson1.0 out of 5 stars\nOH YOU FOOLED ME!\nR...</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>0 people found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>49</th>
      <td>November 19, 2019</td>
      <td>VWilliamsTX</td>
      <td>VWilliamsTX5.0 out of 5 stars\nVersatile\nRevi...</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>One person found this helpful</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</div>



### csv 파일로 만들기


```python
total_reviews.to_csv("amazon상품정보.csv", index=False)

print( os.getcwd() )
print( os.listdir(os.getcwd()) )
```

    C:\Users\RYUBERRY\code
    ['.ipynb_checkpoints', '210618 selenium.ipynb', '210621 class(amazon 정보 추출).ipynb', '210621 실습 과제 (아마존 정보 추출).ipynb', 'amazon상품정보.csv', 'chromedriver_90.exe', 'review.csv']
    
